welcome to ask Assam number 59 the only
show where I take the comments you guys
send me I blend them up and I make hate
juice with him welcome back
passing G isn't a failure his dad's
condom is that's the comment you guys
thumbs up that's the one I picked
remember guys leave a comment below it
gets enough thumbs
I'll see it maybe I'll choose it to be
the title the next video even if it's
really really hurtful to my feelings in
news this week ask Assam next week
probably won't happen I'm gonna be in
Florida for Charles Trippy and Ally
speeds wedding congrats to them but I
won't be here maybe I'll do something on
the road you guys let me know if not
we'll just skip a week it doesn't matter
this show sucks
nobody cares let's go let's get right
into your questions let's start with
Google Price having a good commander sir
lui asks can you see the future in those
glasses vomit to see the fucking future
actually yeah I think I can I'll show
you what it looks like Netflix
yep that's the joke Adam dead says some
terrible transition into a Netflix plug
Thank You Adam and you guys heard them
go to Netflix I confess kmg support the
show that's all I'm gonna say about that
links below we are really on fire yes
now it's time for a quick question if
Facebook did get cheek Tom Tom Simson
asks stop some Simpson stick by my story
jobs don't seem son asks what the fuck
happened in your tiny brain to make you
start ask Assam I just wanted to start I
have a place where I could fuck around
people on the internet and they could
fuck her out with me you know we could
just fuck each other I mean it's working
Iran asked if you were half man half
antelope would you still be gay okay I
am totally in the doe a deer a female
deer
oh I guess they must be moved season my
favorite you guys hear that it was the
moment my internet career just died why
the same subject Louis asks have you
ever questioned your sexuality I tried
once all right class anyone have any
questions
oh yeah a Mike a what I have a sleepover
whatever that was that was perfect okay
great before we get into more questions
I got some fresh meat here for you boys
and guess what she's not afraid of your
comments apparently so let her have it
well yeah this is Kimmy Erin she's a new
channel we have here at maker studios
and if you had to describe your channel
its fashion fabulous and everything you
need to know about getting dressed and
feeling fabulous about yourself are the
boys gonna like it or is it more for the
girls know for sure I'm gonna weave in
some dude tips as well because yeah you
are you're gonna weave in some dude tips
it's you know it's it's fashion but
there's some dude there's funny do
things like this week she's got Nick
Rutherford on from theater of life and
they're talking about clothes III know
that they're they're gonna comment on it
so I have to comment on it this thing
that you got going on here the no bra
thing yeah that's heavy-duty fashion
check out kit me guys please yeah
Kimmy Erin that's our daughter Gretchen
that man into a Catherine Jean from
Twitter Bobby says doing everyone a
favor who's your favorite youtuber Thank
You Bobby Dern if you'd please pull up
the last video for my favorite youtuber
you your headweight
ah she like she's wearing boots on her
ah she come on my show hey Anna Dillon
says bring back the John fucking non TRO
makes your show look better look John's
busy this week again I don't know when
we're getting him back but in the
meantime I guess I'll have Tremaine do
one for you here Saran trying it so go
for it I'm John Ameen yeah
I did not have sexual relations with
that woman miss Lewinsky it's three
agencies of government when I get there
that are gone commerce education and the
what's the third one there sexual
relations for that woman miss Lewinsky
this period comes up here
okay Tremayne thanks for filling in
trans weird now it's time for the video
response of the day today's comes from
somebody called the one and only DJ five
and he has to say what car do you drive
and what's your favorite Mexican food
restaurant thanks for the video
I Drive a 2003 Toyota Tacoma it's black
and my favorite Mexican eatery would
probably have to be somewhere like El
Torito or some awful place like this
because I love Taco Tuesdays I really do
and thanks for the smile at the end and
normally guys don't usually send me
videos when they're like laying down on
their bed with their pillow like this
but I'm glad that you did because it
shows that you care you're sweetheart
thank you 59 this week thanks for
watching I want to thank you for
stopping by it's her first time on the
show let's not let it be the last go
over there and subscribe to or at least
check out her channel or back to a
fashion video I don't know yeah okay big
claps for fapping um check out Omar on
the station too doing unscripted and
John nah came in for the end here so uh
hopefully he's back in the next one
that's it check out my videos check out
a isaac check out office banter
I think defleshed should put your video
right here we don't want to block
anything